README.md, before:

# Rick & Morty

## Task: Create API

### Requirements:
1. Endpoint, which return random character from the world of Rick and Morty series.
2. Endpoint get `search_string` as an argument and return list of all characters, 
   who contains the `search_string` in the name.
3. On regular basis, app downloads data from external service to inner DB.
4. Requests of implemented API should work with local DB
   (Take data from DB not from Rick & Morty API).

### Technologies to use:
1. Public API: https://rickandmortyapi.com/documentation.
2. Use Celery as task scheduler for data synchronization for Rick & Morty API.
3. Python, Django/Flask/FastAPI, ORM, PostgreSQL, Git.
4. All endpoints should be documented via Swagger.


### How to run:
- Create venv: `python -m venv venv`
- Activate it: `python -m venv venv`
- Install requirements: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- Create `.env` file using `.env.sample` as skeleton
- Run migrations: `python manage.py migrate`
- Run Redis Server: `redis-server`
- Run celery for tasks handling: `celery -A rick_and_morty worker -l INFO`
- Run celery beat for task scheduling: `celery -A rick_and_morty beat -l INFO --scheduler django_celery_beat.schedulers:DatabaseScheduler`
- Create schedule for running sync in DB
- Run app: `python manage.py runserver`

Commit message:

Add flower dependency to monitor celery tasks

README.md, after:

# Rick & Morty

## Task: Create API

### Requirements:
1. Endpoint, which return random character from the world of Rick and Morty series.
2. Endpoint get `search_string` as an argument and return list of all characters, 
   who contains the `search_string` in the name.
3. On regular basis, app downloads data from external service to inner DB.
4. Requests of implemented API should work with local DB
   (Take data from DB not from Rick & Morty API).

### Technologies to use:
1. Public API: https://rickandmortyapi.com/documentation.
2. Use Celery as task scheduler for data synchronization for Rick & Morty API.
3. Python, Django/Flask/FastAPI, ORM, PostgreSQL, Git.
4. All endpoints should be documented via Swagger.


### How to run:
- Create venv: `python -m venv venv`
- Activate it: `python -m venv venv`
- Install requirements: `pip install -r requirements.txt`
- Create `.env` file using `.env.sample` as skeleton
- Run migrations: `python manage.py migrate`
- Run Redis Server: `redis-server`
- Run celery for tasks handling: `celery -A rick_and_morty worker -l INFO`
- Run celery beat for task scheduling: `celery -A rick_and_morty beat -l INFO --scheduler django_celery_beat.schedulers:DatabaseScheduler`
- Create schedule for running sync in DB
- Run flower for monitoring tasks: `celery -A rick_and_morty flower`
- Run app: `python manage.py runserver`
